README.md, before:

# @looplex/common

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/looplex-osi/common/blob/master/logomark.png?raw=true" alt="@looplex/common logomark" width="512" />
</p>

[![Parcel](https://img.shields.io/badge/built_by-parcel-8DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack)](https://parceljs.org/getting-started/library/)
[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-f7df1e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=standardjs)](https://standardjs.com)
[![Node.js Test Runner](https://img.shields.io/badge/test_by-node-c21325.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs)](https://nodejs.org/api/test.html)
[![Software Composition Analysis](https://img.shields.io/badge/sca_by-dependabot-025E8C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dependabot)](https://github.com/features/security)
[![Static Analysis Security Test](https://img.shields.io/badge/sast_by-codeql-0f305f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=snyk)](https://codeql.github.com/)
[![Commitizen Friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-f05032.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![Semantic Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/semantic-release-cb3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=semantic-release)](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/badge/observability_with-coverage-3F5767.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=coveralls)](https://coveralls.io/)

## About

Common library useful for both browser and server environments. This library is embedded on all runtimes.

## Features

- [Modern Build Tool](https://parceljs.org/getting-started/library/)
- [Native Assertion Module](https://nodejs.org/api/assert.html)
- [Native Test Runner](https://nodejs.org/api/test.html)
- [Native Watch Mode](https://nodejs.org/docs/v20.12.1/api/test.html#watch-mode)
- [Built-in Software Composition Analysis (SCA)](https://github.com/dependabot)
- [Built-in Static Analysis Security Testing (SAST)](https://codeql.github.com/)
- [Enforced Coding Standard](https://standardjs.com/)
- [Enforced Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
- [Enforced Semantic Release](https://semver.org/)

## Usage

`@looplex/common` is available and ready for use on all Looplex enviornment. But if, for some reason, you want to leverage it as a standalone, the easiest way to install is by running:

```bash
npm install @looplex/common
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo, make changes and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement". Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

This GitHub repository adheres to the principles of [GitHub Flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-github/github-flow) as outlined in the official GitHub documentation. We ensure that all changes are made through branch-based workflows, enabling collaborative development and efficient code review before integration into the main branch.

```mermaid
gitGraph
    commit id:"fix(api): export endpoint should be consistent with output clause"
    branch feature/amazing
    checkout feature/amazing
    commit id:"feat(amazing): implement mvp"
    checkout main
    merge feature/amazing
    branch hotfix/cicd
    checkout hotfix/cicd
    commit id:"fix(cicd): automatic deployment"
    checkout main
    merge hotfix/cicd
    branch feature/incredible
    checkout feature/incredible
    commit id:"feat(incredible): implement mvp"
    checkout main
    merge feature/incredible
```

1. Fork the Project
1. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing`)
1. Commit your Changes (`npm run commit`)
1. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/amazing`)
1. Open a Pull Request

## Maintainers

As soon as the maintainers are satisfied with the feature set to be released, they should:

1. Evaluate the quality of the package through the bundle-analyzer report.
1. Run npm run release.
1. Confirm if the package is available in npm as the latest version.
1. Notify the maintainers of project embedding this library for faster adoption.

## License

This project is licensed under the Looplex Limited Public License. Feel free to edit and distribute this template as you like.

See [`LICENSE.md`](/LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Acknowledgments
* Special thanks to CEO Angelo Caldeira for enabling this initiative and to our CTO [Fabio Nagao](https://github.com/nagaozen/) who created the framework of this library.
* Shoutout to [looplex contributors](https://github.com/orgs/looplex/people) for their outstanding effort on releasing open source software.

## Useful links
* [README logos](https://stock.adobe.com/br/contributor/208853516/hasan?load_type=author) -- logos repository with the same pattern we are using.
* [Simple Icons](https://simpleicons.org/) -- `shields.io` badges icons and colors.
* [JSDoc Reference](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/jsdoc-supported-types.html) for great DX without enforcing a transpilation.

Commit message:

docs: add standard and rules section

README.md, after:

# @looplex/common

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/looplex-osi/common/blob/master/logomark.png?raw=true" alt="@looplex/common logomark" width="512" />
</p>

[![Parcel](https://img.shields.io/badge/built_by-parcel-8DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack)](https://parceljs.org/getting-started/library/)
[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-f7df1e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=standardjs)](https://standardjs.com)
[![Node.js Test Runner](https://img.shields.io/badge/test_by-node-c21325.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs)](https://nodejs.org/api/test.html)
[![Software Composition Analysis](https://img.shields.io/badge/sca_by-dependabot-025E8C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dependabot)](https://github.com/features/security)
[![Static Analysis Security Test](https://img.shields.io/badge/sast_by-codeql-0f305f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=snyk)](https://codeql.github.com/)
[![Commitizen Friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-f05032.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![Semantic Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/semantic-release-cb3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=semantic-release)](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/badge/observability_with-coverage-3F5767.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=coveralls)](https://coveralls.io/)

## About

`@looplex/common` plays an important role in our platform engineering mission. It's useful at both browser and server environments. Rest assured knowing that it is embedded on the runtime you are using.

## Features

- [Modern Build Tool](https://parceljs.org/getting-started/library/)
- [Native Assertion Module](https://nodejs.org/api/assert.html)
- [Native Test Runner](https://nodejs.org/api/test.html)
- [Native Watch Mode](https://nodejs.org/docs/v20.12.1/api/test.html#watch-mode)
- [Built-in Software Composition Analysis (SCA)](https://github.com/dependabot)
- [Built-in Static Analysis Security Testing (SAST)](https://codeql.github.com/)
- [Enforced Coding Standard](https://standardjs.com/)
- [Enforced Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
- [Enforced Semantic Release](https://semver.org/)

## Usage

`@looplex/common` is available and ready for use on all Looplex enviornment. But if, for some reason, you want to leverage it as a standalone, the easiest way to install is by running:

```bash
npm install @looplex/common
```

## Standards and Rules

| Context                                |                            Specification                             |
|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Storing and Sharing **Date and Time**  | [ISO 8601 Z](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) |
| Storing and Sharing **Country Codes**  |     [ISO 3166](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html)      |
| Storing and Sharing **Language Codes** |     [ISO 639-1](https://www.iso.org/iso-639-language-codes.html)     |
| Storing and Sharing **Currency Codes** |     [ISO 4217](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html)     |
| Runtime **Charset**                    |                            UTF-8 (65001)                             |
| Runtime **Language Code**              |                             en-US (1033)                             |

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo, make changes and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement". Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

This GitHub repository adheres to the principles of [GitHub Flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-github/github-flow) as outlined in the official GitHub documentation. We ensure that all changes are made through branch-based workflows, enabling collaborative development and efficient code review before integration into the main branch.

```mermaid
gitGraph
    commit id:"fix(api): export endpoint should be consistent with output clause"
    branch feature/amazing
    checkout feature/amazing
    commit id:"feat(amazing): implement mvp"
    checkout main
    merge feature/amazing
    branch hotfix/cicd
    checkout hotfix/cicd
    commit id:"fix(cicd): automatic deployment"
    checkout main
    merge hotfix/cicd
    branch feature/incredible
    checkout feature/incredible
    commit id:"feat(incredible): implement mvp"
    checkout main
    merge feature/incredible
```

1. Fork the Project
1. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing`)
1. Commit your Changes (`npm run commit`)
1. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/amazing`)
1. Open a Pull Request

## Maintainers

As soon as the maintainers are satisfied with the feature set to be released, they should:

1. Evaluate the quality of the package through the bundle-analyzer report.
1. Run npm run release.
1. Confirm if the package is available in npm as the latest version.
1. Notify the maintainers of project embedding this library for faster adoption.

## License

This project is licensed under the Looplex Limited Public License. Feel free to edit and distribute this template as you like.

See [`LICENSE.md`](/LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Acknowledgments
* Special thanks to CEO Angelo Caldeira for enabling this initiative and to our CTO [Fabio Nagao](https://github.com/nagaozen/) who created the framework of this library.
* Shoutout to [looplex contributors](https://github.com/orgs/looplex/people) for their outstanding effort on releasing open source software.

## Useful links
* [README logos](https://stock.adobe.com/br/contributor/208853516/hasan?load_type=author) -- logos repository with the same pattern we are using.
* [Simple Icons](https://simpleicons.org/) -- `shields.io` badges icons and colors.
* [JSDoc Reference](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/jsdoc-supported-types.html) for great DX without enforcing a transpilation.
